[CI] Add ci pipeline docs (#10473)
elastic/integrations: docs/ci_pipelines.md

In every push to a Pull Request as well as commits to `main` or `backport-*` branches, this pipeline is triggered automatically: https://buildkite.com/elastic/integrations

This pipeline is in charge of testing the packages with a local Elastic stack.

Special comments that can be added in the Pull Request (by Elastic employees):
- `/test` or `buildkite test this`: a new build is triggered.
- `/test benchmark fullreport`: a new build is triggered creating a full benchmark report (it will be posted as a GitHub comment in the PR).

There are some environment variables that can be added into this pipeline:
- **FORCE_CHECK_ALL**: If `true`, this forces the CI to check all packages even if those packages have no file updated/added/deleted. Default: `false`.
- **STACK_VERSION**: Force the CI steps to spin up a specific Elastic stack version to run the tests. Default: unset.
- **PUBLISH_COVERAGE_REPORTS**: If `true`, it enables reporting coverage reports.
Currently, it is just set for the build triggered with the current major Elastic stack from the daily job. Default: `false`.

These environment variables can be defined in different locations:

> - In the [global `env` section](https://github.com/elastic/integrations/blob/5276ef63712f8f2311818770881688870e8422fe/.buildkite/pipeline.yml#L2).
> - In the case of the scheduled daily job here:
>     - [Running tests with previous major Elastic stack](https://github.com/elastic/integrations/blob/5276ef63712f8f2311818770881688870e8422fe/.buildkite/pipeline.schedule-daily.yml#L21).
>     - [Running tests with current major Elastic stack](https://github.com/elastic/integrations/blob/d6d99792b90838d18844f6df9343bc5f16130666/.buildkite/pipeline.schedule-daily.yml#L32).

Reviewer: Wdyt about referencing main instead of specific commits? Given that they live in the same repository.
```suggestion
- In the [global `env` section](https://github.com/elastic/integrations/blob/main/.buildkite/pipeline.yml#L2).
- In the case of the scheduled daily job here:
    - [Running tests with previous major Elastic stack](https://github.com/elastic/integrations/blob/main/.buildkite/pipeline.schedule-daily.yml#L21).
    - [Running tests with current major Elastic stack](https://github.com/elastic/integrations/blob/main/.buildkite/pipeline.schedule-daily.yml#L32).
```

Author: As I'm linking to specific lines in the files in most (or all) of the links, I think these links could be outdated easily at any time (and not updated in these docs) if they reference main... 

I would keep it referencing to commit.

More details about this CI pipeline:

- Builds running in a Pull Request are canceled if a new commit is pushed to the PR branch.
- Builds running from `main` or `backport-*` branches are finished even if new commits are merged.
- As part of the Pull Requests, there are some benchmark files created and this data is pushed to the PR as a comment.
- This CI pipeline tries to test the minimum packages possible::
    - In the Pull Request context, it is checked the files modified/added/deleted in the given PR:
        - Those packages with changes (`packages/*`) will be added to the list of packages to be tested.

>         - If files outside `packages` folder are updated (e.g. `go.mod` , `.buildkite/*`), all packages are going to be tested. There are some exceptions to this, for instance the `.github/CODEOWNERS` file or `.docs/` folder ([files excluded](https://github.com/elastic/integrations/blob/376fc891a1e6c662b4ef1897b118044faf51e7bf/.buildkite/scripts/common.sh#L695)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - If files outside `packages` folder are updated (e.g. `go.mod` , `.buildkite/*`), all packages are going to be tested. There are some exceptions to this, for instance the `.github/CODEOWNERS` file or `.docs/` folder ([files excluded](https://github.com/elastic/integrations/blob/main/.buildkite/scripts/common.sh#L695)).
```
